Retroactively add changelog to 0.0.96 for AWSBedrockAgentCoreProcessor (#3166)
pipecat-ai/pipecat: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Added `AWSBedrockAgentCoreProcessor` to support running agentic workloads in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `AWSBedrockAgentCoreProcessor` to support invoking an AgentCore-hosted agent in
```
